[Music]
[Applause]
you've heard the stories and the
whispers and tales of a mythical
creature that many have searched for
across distant and mysterious lands next
year come face-to-face with the
incredible legend that connects us
excuse me
I think I've got a little something
stuck am i rambling a little nervous
hi eight feet tall chest circumference
seventy inches total weight runs 650
pounds I would say it's more like you
know 630 pounds no it's it's the hair
that makes me look heavier I think it's
exactly it's a little deceptive it can
be frustrating wow your hands missing
Ling is it hot in here
I think it's mayor pine pine by all
means crack open the windows doh
oh that's better
[Music]